hey this is thomas a crime hobby
reporter this is the old stuff oh hey
guys today is actually my birthday and
today i will actually be giving away
something on my birthday yes today is a
day I announce the winner of it eco Xabi
giveaway now you know the whole time
that I've known about the company I've
been saying eco exotic where's actually
echoes on it I just learned that have
you guys been saying the wrong name too
before we get into the contest winner
had a couple announcements I'm actually
wearing my good friend shirts larry'd
the Pont from three friends II he
actually has some exciting news you can
go to reef rinji calm but reef Renzi
will now be boosted with probiotics
which is huge but you can learn more
about that as right at the top of his
page at Murray frenzies calm a lot of
questions i've been getting is is local
fish store travel the only show that i'm
going to be doing no not even close I
have about 4 series right now that I'm
ready to put introduction it's just with
all the travel it takes a lot of time
and so I have some episodes evening of
the beginners aquarium god I have all
that footage done already i just need to
finish editing it and with all the
travel you know sometimes it just takes
me a while to get to it but i have a lot
of theory and i have series that no one
else has even thought to do thus far
that i want to do i want my channel to
be different to any other prayer and
javi channel and you'll see this on
august first next week's video next week
video will not be a local fish so travel
video it will be a video I put together
for Magnus I'm so excited this is my
first Magnus that I made a little short
film about it it's fun I hope you guys
like it but this is kind of one of the
things that I want to do am I
channel that's different than aquarium
hobby of course from experts I want to
give you guys tips and I want to
interview different vendors different
fish stores as well but I also want to
make entertaining videos at the aquarium
hobby has never seen before as well and
that's my main goal my main goal is not
only to entertain the current obvious I
want to bring people who have never even
thought of a crime videos or aquariums
and I want to bring them into the hobby
that's my main goal if that helps grow
the hottest because i love the ta's be
another thing is if you have a beautiful
cramp doesn't matter where united states
so sorry guys i can't come out of the
country right now but if you have a
beautiful firm and you want me to come
film it I have a new show that's coming
up it's going to be awesome if you have
a beautiful cream and you want me to
feature it on my channel just send an
email to me at YouTube or go to Thomas
vision I NC calm and send me a message
in the contact us page this series is
going to be awesome they'll be covering
lots of different aquariums starting in
the United States but then soon to be
around the world but trust me it'll be
like a series like I've never seen
before so before I announce the winner
let's look again is he with the prizes
alright so without further ado I will
announce the winner so and i hope i'm
pronouncing your name right and thank
you so much for signing up for the
contest you guys hate me right now right
ok so the winner is Cris pinnata and i
hope i'm pronouncing your last name
right CA in in a TA so Chris thank you
so much pointer in the contest thank you
guys all you guys so much for entering
the contest and tune in to my channel
like i said i will be doing a contest
like this every two months until january
as of right now if i give more sponsors
i may be able to do it every month but
as of right now i'll be able to do it
every two months until the end of the
year so crisp I will be contacting you
within an hour after this video goes up
and send you an email and then once I
get your information eco got it will be
sending your eco pico out to you so
thank all you guys for watching and
tuning in every week really love you
guys really mean it I cannot wait to
meet a lot of you guys at magna and
until then this is the ultimate AVI